Deprecate frequency in cloudflare_logpush_job resource (#3745)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/3745.txt

```release-note:note

> resource/cloudflare_logpush_job: Deprecate Remove frequency in cloudflare_logpush_job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_logpush_job: Deprecate `frequency` in favour of `max_upload_interval_seconds`
```

Author: Oh, sorry. Copy-paste error. Thanks for fixing!
